I did notice you both working together on the same machine a lot to get things done so I added points for both of you for that so that it wasn't purely based on commits.
Your AudioBGM class is... interesting.  If you are going to make a function for returning a name of the music, try to give it a useful name such as BGMName rather than just BGM.  Otherwise look into making a getter "public string Name { get { return Music.Name; } }"
I like that you made an "Audio" class as a parent to the audio managers however it would have been nice if you brought over other things such as the fire and forget (virtual) or the play (virtual)
I think that the Animation class' line 92-96 is cute but you forgot to remove the duplication from back when you had 2 characters.  This is wasting rendering CPU power and no bueno, make sure to watch out for these kinds of mistakes.
Rather than duplicating code in "InteractiveCharacter" on the 2 constructors, think about making some-kind of initialize function that will be called from both constructors since those values could possibly change or you could add other things to the list of initializations.
Rather than tracking the players scores in the Level class it may be best to have some-kind of score manager that will watch those values and call events for what happens when the score changes.
I would extract the UI drawing of the players scores out of the Level class and put them into a HUD or UI class that manages the UI for that level.
I see wasted memory allocation and garbage collection in MainMenu 41-45.  Since you actually used the clips in the event callbacks it wasn't too much of a waste thanks to memory referencing that happens in the background of C#. However you will not be able to access this memory again if needed, maybe pull those out into their own variables in the class.
Nice work on keeping your Game1 class clean!  Only thing that could have been pulled out is lines 123-129 since these are specific to swapping levels they should be a part of the level (or a level manager's) update.
